gh-136442: Fix unittest to return exit code 5 when setUpClass raises an exception (#136487)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/Tests/2025-07-09-21-45-51.gh-issue-136442.jlbklP.rst

> unittest runner: Don't exit 5 if setUpClass raises an exception

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use exitcode ``1`` instead of ``5`` if :func:`unittest.TestCase.setUpClass` raises an exception
```
